[NARRATOR] The seven
magic Dragon Balls--
when brought together,
they hold the power
to grant any wish.
Goku, a Saiyan
exile raised on Earth,
has prevented the
Dragon Balls from falling
into evil hands
time and time again.
Pitting himself against a host
of increasingly powerful foes.
But it was only
when he faced the
seemingly invincible
galactic tyrant, Frieza...
[GOKU]
I will make you suffer.
[bellows]
[NARRATOR] ...Goku was pushed
beyond the edge of his limits,
and transformed into
a legendary Super Saiyan!
You monkey!
[yelling, grunting]
[FRIEZA]
To die...
...at the hands of your master!
[GOKU]
You fool!
[FRIEZA yells]
[NARRATOR] After a
hard-fought battle,
Goku defeated Frieza at last,
preserving peace
for his adopted home.
However, it was only
a matter of time before a
new crisis cast its
shadow over the earth.
[FRIEZA]
Huh?
[TRUNKS yells]
Dr. Gero's Androids
were awakened to wreak
their creator's revenge
on the planet.
The mightiest of them, Cell,
evolved to the
point of perfection,
and challenged the
earth's strongest warriors
to a contest to decide
the fate of humanity.
[CELL yells]
[groans]
[GOKU]
Kamehame...
No!
[GOKU]
Ha!
[NARRATOR]
Goku put up a fierce fight,
but in the end,
it wasn't enough.
Time for you
to take over, Gohan.
[NARRATOR] Turning his
gaze to the future,
Goku entrusted the battle
to his young son, Gohan.
However, for a time, it seemed
Goku's trust was misplaced.
[CELL]
What are you waiting for, huh?
Come on. Surprise me.
Stop wasting my time
with this pitiful act.
Huh?
[16 grunts]
[CELL]
16? What are you--?
[grunts]
[16 yells]
Gohan.
There are some foes
who cannot be reasoned with.
You are allowed to
fight on the side of justice.
Seize upon your anger.
Wield it like a weapon.
I understand your reluctance
but holding it in is pointless.
It's time to can it,
you worthless scrap.
[GOHAN bellows]
[NARRATOR] Upon witnessing the
destruction of Android 16,
a being who
had reached out to him
in friendship, something
in Gohan gave way.
His anger erupted,
unleashing a hidden power
he used to overwhelm Cell.
Realizing he
could no longer win,
Cell planned to blow himself up,
taking out the earth
in the process.
But Goku intervened,
at the cost of his own life.
Goodbye, Gohan.
Don't leave us!
Goku!
Wha-- What is wrong with you?
You can't bring that guy here!
Sorry, King Kai.
I had no choice.
I'm kind of short on options.
Nooo!
What the--?
Kamehame...
[CELL grunts]
Ha!
[GOHAN]
[bellows]
[CELL yells]
[NARRATOR] Fulfilling
Goku's final wish,
Gohan tapped into
his hidden power
and destroyed every last speck
of the resurrected Cell,
defeating him once and for all.
With Cell gone, the threat of
the Androids had
been eliminated.
Peace returned to
the Earth once more.
And now...
Hey, Dad.
[NARRATOR]
Gohan's new life begins today!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Seven years have passed
since the fight with Cell.
After his fiendish plans were
thwarted by Goku and Gohan,
the people of Earth have enjoyed
a return to peaceful life,
blissfully unaware of
who it was that actually
saved them from
the Android menace.
However, with peace
comes complacency,
and once the people
are complacent,
it's never too long
before the criminal element
begins to rear its ugly head.
[screaming]
Hurry it up!
Put the money in the
duffel bag or you're next!
You wanna get popped?
[ROBBER 1C]
C'mon! C'mon!
Hey. This bag
is the last of it.
Good!
Then let's jet!
Don't you worry!
Soon as we spend all this,
we'll be back
for the rest of it!
[ROBBER 1D laughs]
[PEOPLE screaming]
[NARRATOR] Since last we
saw him, Gohan has grown
from a child of nine
into a young man of 16.
Though he's been studying at
home via correspondence courses,
his mother Chi-Chi
is concerned that it
won't be enough
education in the long run.
And so, from this day forward,
it's been decided that
Gohan will attend
high school in Satan City.
This is the edge of town.
Guess I'd better hoof
it the rest of the way.
Thanks for the ride, Nimbus!
We'll do it again
this afternoon, yeah?
[GOHAN]
Hey, Dad.
It turns out everyone
thinks Mr. Satan's
the one who saved
the planet from Cell.
'Cause of that, he's a bigger
deal now than ever before.
They even changed the name
of the town to "Satan City"
in his honor, since
this is where he lives.
[GOHAN]
Uh-oh!
Should've told
Flying Nimbus to go faster.
Cool!
[BOTH gasp]
[gunfire]
[GOHAN]
Hm?
[ROBBERS laughing, yelling]
More criminals?
How original.
This is like the third time.
Guess I'm gonna need
to pull a quick change,
so no one knows that it's me.
[ROBBERS laughing]
How do you like
them apples, cop?
[laughing]
Aah!
[grunts]
[ROBBER 1D]
You made a big mistake!
Uuuh!
[clanging]
Eek!
[ROBBER 1D groans]
Who is this freak?
We gotta go now!
Ha!
[ROBBERS 1C, 1E yell]
Incredible!
[OLD MAN]
Huh?
Hey. Who took
these guys out?
[indistinctive chatter]
[GOHAN sighs]
[GIRL] Huh?
[GOHAN yells]
[GIRL] Who took out
all the robbers?
It wasn't those two
policemen, was it?
[GOHAN]
Uh... Not a clue.
I didn't see
what happened.
I flew all this way for nothing.
Someone's stealing my thunder.
Y'know, Miss Videl,
I saw the whole thing
go down, and it was that
Golden Warrior, plain as day.
The Golden Warrior?
Again?
Yeah, you should've
seen the fella--
he moved like the dickens!
First he gave 'em the what-for,
then he flipped their truck and
then he tried to
make a break for it!
And he didn't even touch it!
He just hollered at
it and up it went!
I know it sounds crazy,
but I think he might
be one of your
classmates over at
Orange Star High School!
Huh?
He had a school badge on,
same as the one
you've got there.
Wait. The Golden Warrior
goes to my high school?
Well he's a showoff,
whoever he is.
I'm gonna get
to the bottom of this.
[school bell chimes]
[students chatter]
Mmm.
Hey, Sharpner.
If you're the Golden Warrior,
you should just confess already.
Sorry, I'm not your guy.
Besides, I spend my mornings
in the gym, working out.
I don't have time to go
playing hero all over town.
Whoa, wait a sec.
Did you ever think, like,
what if this guy is
stronger than your dad?
Don't be dumb!
Mr. Satan saved the planet
from that alien years ago!
If anybody else were
stronger than him,
I kinda think
we'd know about it!
[TEACHER clears throat]
[TEACHER]
Good morning, class.
We have a transfer student
joining us, and today is
his very first day at
Orange Star High School.
Don't be shy, son.
Uh, that'd be me.
So, uh.
I'm Gohan.
Pleasure to meet you.
Ah! This new
kid's pretty hot.
I sure hope he
likes blondes!
What kind of a name is Gohan?
Seems like I've
seen this guy before.
[chuckles]
Man, if Nerd City
were a place,
this dude would
be the mayor.
[TEACHER] Incidentally,
Gohan did very well
on his admissions tests.
He aced the math, chemistry,
physics, history, literature,
and foreign
language sections--
everything, basically.
[class erupts with comments]
That's quite enough!
I hope he'll inspire some of
you to try harder for a change.
Now, just go ahead
and take a seat Gohan.
Anywhere you like.
Uh, yeah.
Anywhere I like, huh?
--Yoo-hoo!
--Huh?
It's all yours!
Well, in that case.
[chuckles nervously]
[chuckles]
Hi, I'm Gohan.
Nice to meetcha, Gohan.
I'm Erasa.
And the sourpuss
behind me is Videl.
[gasps]
Y'know what?
Videl's kind of a celebrity!
Her dad is a really big deal!
Would you believe
she's Mr. Satan's kid?
What? Like
"Satan City" Mr. Satan?
Uh-huh!
Isn't that crazy?
Hey, is she pulling
my leg, Videl?
'Cause if he really is your
dad, that's pretty amazing.
Aw, c'mon Gohan,
I'm telling you the truth!
If it weren't for her
old man, none of us
would even be around right now!
He's a hero!
You were the guy, huh?!
You're the guy I saw
at the bank when they
caught those robbers
this morning, aren't you?
Uh... I guess.
Wow! You didn't see
the Golden Warrior
anywhere, didja?
Hold on.
The Golden who now?
That someone I
should have heard of?
Right, guess you wouldn'tve,
being the new kid.
See, the Golden Warrior is some
new crime fighter
who's shown up,
like, three times now
over the last ten days
to put a few baddies
in their place.
He's strong as an ox,
and they say he has
spiky golden blond hair, which
is where he gets the nickname.
[GOHAN] That's me
they're talking about!
The other two times were when I
came into town
to register for school!
[VIDEL]
Hmm.
Gohan!
I talked to one
of the witnesses.
According to what he told me,
the Golden Warrior
was wearing a badge
from this high school.
A white shirt with a black vest,
and brown slacks.
[VIDEL] And you're wearing
the exact same stuff!
--Huh?
--Yeah! What're the odds!
It's just a coincidence!
[chuckles]
Of course it's a coincidence!
What's he gonna do, hit
the criminals with his brain?
You heard the teacher--
he aced all his tests.
New guy's a bookworm,
not some fearless hero-type.
Plus he doesn't have
the right color hair.
Yeah, I guess.
Gohan doesn't seem
like the fighting kind.
[GOHAN] You don't know
the half of it!
[laughs nervously]
[VIDEL] He's too much
of a goofball to be
the Golden Warrior, of
course, but I do remember
seeing those guys on Dad's old
video of the fight with Cell
whose hair changed from
dark to blond all at once.
Dad just said it was
some kinda trick, though.
[ERASA] So, tell me
more about yourself!
Are you staying
in town for school,
or are you gonna go
back and forth every day?
Yeah.
I'll be commuting
in every morning.
How far out do you live, anyway?
Well, have you ever heard
of Section 439 East?
That's where I'm at.
Huh?
How are you coming here all
the way from Section 439 East?
That place is, like,
600 miles away!
[TEACHER]
Be quiet!
What time did you
leave home this morning?
Even if you took a jet-flyer,
that's, like, five hours away!
Really, that long?
Maybe I was so excited
to be transferring in,
I just didn't notice!
[laughs nervously]
They're so gonna find out!
[GYM TEACHER] All right you
guys, since it was such
a big hit yesterday, we're
gonna play some more baseball.
Let's see some hustle, yeah?
Hey. You a
baseball genius, too?
Well, I've never actually
played it, so probably not.
You're kidding, right?
[chuckles]
Course you haven't.
If they can't teach
it in a book,
you don't know the
first thing about it.
Have fun getting the
new kid up to speed, Videl.
He's all yours.
But I don't want him.
Sure ya do!
So what if he doesn't
know how to play?
He's so smart, he'll
probably come up with
some real good
strategies we can use!
In that case, fine.
You take right field.
You do know which way is right?
Nope.
But I'll figure it out!
Man... I did not
sign on for this.
[STUDENTS cheering]
[GOHAN] Okay, just
take it nice and easy.
Mom and Bulma both said
if people find out the
truth about me,
it's gonna ruin any chance
I have of fitting in here.
So whatever I do, I gotta
try and not to stand out.
[STUDENT 1B] Let 'em
have it, Sharpner!
Swing an' a miss coming up!
[SHARPNER chuckles]
Dang it!
Yeah!
He hit a home run!
[gasps]
[STUDENTS gasping]
[GOHAN]
The runner on third isn't
actually touching the base.
If I throw the ball
to the third baseman,
she'll be out, right?
So, all I have to do is toss it
down there as gently as I can!
[THIRD BASEMAN hollers]
[groans]
[STUDENT 1D]
Dude, are you okay?
Uh, that's an out.
That's three outs, guys!
C'mon, let's switch sides
and go to bat already!
[GOHAN]
I guess I overdid it.
So much for not standing out!
What're you looking
all hangdog for?
That was an amazing jump!
You must have cleared
twenty feet, at least!
[GOHAN] But that's
impossible, Coach!
You're such a kidder!
[STUDENT 1I] Uh, didn't it
look like he was floating?
[STUDENT 1J] I want
the guy who breaks the
laws of physics on my team!
All right!
Which one of you is up to bat?
I think it's your turn
to go up there.
You're number eight, right?
Oh! On my
way, Coach!
Sorry for the delay, you guys!
So, d'you think his batting's
as good as his fielding?
Looks like
we're gonna find out!
Of course.
I should have guessed you'd
be a left-handed hitter.
[GOHAN]
Is that not allowed?
If that's what you like,
go right ahead.
But you're holding it backwards.
Backwards how?
Y'know, I'm just
gonna stop yammering
and see what ya can do.
You've got some nerve,
Gohan, stealing my home run.
I think I'm going to
teach you a little respect.
[GOHAN] I can't do anything
else out of the ordinary!
Don't hit the ball.
[SHARPNER chuckles]
Here comes, hotshot!
Better hit the deck
if you value your life!
Look out!
[STUDENTS gasp]
Ah! Ya dummy!
When the ball's coming at
your head, get outta the way!
Uh, when the batter's
hit by a pitch,
you get a "walk,"
isn't that right?
Sure.
[GOHAN]
How lucky am I?
Didn't have to hit it,
I get to first base,
and I blended right in!
I'm starting to think he's more
than just a bookworm!
What's your deal?
[school bell chimes]
Hey. New guy.
Have you picked
a club yet or what?
Well, I haven't
really thought about it.
If you haven't picked one,
how 'bout the boxing club?
I think you'd do
pretty well for yourself,
and we already know
you can take a hit.
Yeah, but I don't think I'll be
joining any of the
afterschool clubs.
See, uh--
Don't forget,
Gohan's house is
in a village hours
away from here.
How's he supposed to
find time for club activities
with a commute like that?
Yeah--sorry about that.
[ERASA]
Speaking of houses,
how about you
do a girl a favor
and drop me off
at mine on the way?
Uh. I'd love to but my ride,
I suppose you could
call it a one-seater.
You should move closer to
school--then, problem solved.
I don't think my
mom would go for that.
What is up with this guy?
First he tells us he lives
a bajillion miles away,
and then he acts like
he's just gonna walk home!
[gasps]
Wha--? Where did he--? Uh!
[GOHAN sighs]
School was tougher
than I thought!
And I'd better fix the
Golden Warrior thing.
My not having blond hair isn't
going to fool them forever.
Maybe Bulma can help me out.
[NARRATOR] And so,
Gohan's first day of school
finally comes to an end.
How will he juggle his classes
and his superhero alter-ego?
Find out next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me--Goku!
Whoa! That's a
pretty crazy outfit
you're wearing, Gohan.
What's that all about?
[GOHAN] You think it's
crazy-looking?
Aw, I thought it
looked cool, Dad!
Oh, maybe you'll like it more
when I do my superhero pose!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
You look upon
a champion of justice!"
I nailed it!